---
title: Meta 10-K Technology Analysis
company: Meta
filing_date: 2025-01-30
filing_year: 2025
source_url: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1326801/000132680125000017/meta-20241231.htm
extraction_date: 2025-08-30
sections_extracted:
  - 1
  - 1A
  - 2
  - 7
total_word_count: 22225
extracted_by: Claude Code Analyst
---

# Meta 10-K Technology Analysis

## Executive Summary

Technology analysis of Meta based on their 2025 10-K SEC filing. 
This document extracts 4 key sections containing 22,225 words 
focused on technology strategy, infrastructure, risks, and business operations.

**Filing Date**: 2025-01-30  
**Source**: [SEC EDGAR Filing](https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1326801/000132680125000017/meta-20241231.htm)

## Table of Contents

- [Item 1: Business](#item-1-business)
- [Item 1A: Risk Factors](#item-1a-risk-factors)
- [Item 2: Properties](#item-2-properties)
- [Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis](#item-7-managements-discussion-and-analysis)

## Item 1: Business

*Core business operations, technology infrastructure, and market positioning*

**Word Count**: 4,969

OverviewOur mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible. We build technology that helps people connect and share, find and build communities, and grow businesses. Our products enable people to connect and share with friends and family through mobile devices, personal computers, virtual reality (VR) and mixed reality (MR) headsets, augmented reality (AR), and wearables. We also help people discover and learn about what is going on in the world around them, enable people to share their experiences, ideas, photos, videos, and other content with audiences ranging from their closest family members and friends to the public at large, and stay connected everywhere by accessing our products. Meta is moving our offerings beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented, mixed, and virtual reality to help build the next computing platform. Our vision does not center on any single product, but rather an entire ecosystem of experiences, devices, and new technologies. While the metaverse is in the very early stages of its development, we believe it will become the next computing platform and the future of social interaction. Across our work, we are innovating in artificial intelligence (AI) technologies to build new experiences that help make our platform more social, useful, and immersive. Our AI investments support initiatives across our products and services, helping power the systems that rank content in our apps, our discovery engine that recommends relevant content, the tools advertisers use to reach customers, the development of new generative AI experiences, and the tools that make our product development more efficient and productive. For example, Meta AI is an assistant that's available across our apps, on Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses and on the web. It's designed to help people learn, get things done, create content, and connect with others to make the most of every moment.We report financial results for two segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). Currently, we generate substantially all of our revenue from selling advertising placements on our family of apps to marketers, which is reflected in FoA. Ads on our platform enable marketers to reach people across a range of marketing objectives, such as generating leads or driving awareness. Marketers purchase ads that can appear in multiple places including on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party applications and websites. RL generates revenue from sales of consumer hardware products, software, and content. We invest in our business based on our company priorities. In 2025, we intend to focus on several key investment areas: generative AI, our discovery engine, the metaverse and wearables, Threads, monetization of our products and services, platform integrity and community support, and infrastructure capacity. The majority of our investments are directed toward developing our family of apps. In 2024, 79% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 21% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments were $75.25 billion in 2024 and include expenses relating to headcount, data centers and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. We are also making significant investments in our metaverse and wearables efforts. This includes developing virtual, mixed, and augmented reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies. Our total RL investments were $19.88 billion in 2024 and include expenses relating to headcount and technology development across these efforts. These are fundamentally new technologies that we expect will evolve as the next computing platform develops, and many products may only be fully realized in the next decade. Although it is inherently difficult to predict when and how the next computing platform will develop, we expect our RL segment to continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future, and our ability to support our efforts to build the next computing platform is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative. We are investing now because we believe this is the next chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital goods. 6Table of ContentsFamily of Apps Products•Facebook. Facebook helps give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. It's a place for people to share life's moments and discuss what's happening, nurture and build relationships, discover and connect to people with shared interests, and create economic opportunity. They can do this through Feed, Reels, Stories, Groups, Marketplace, and more.•Instagram. Instagram brings people closer to the people and things they love. Instagram Feed, Stories, Reels, Live, and messaging are places where people and creators can connect and express themselves through photos, video, and private messaging, and discover and shop from their favorite businesses. •Messenger. Messenger is a simple yet powerful messaging application for people to connect with friends, family, communities, and businesses across platforms and devices through text, audio, and video calls. •Threads. Threads is an application for text-based updates and public conversations, where communities come together to discuss topics of interest. People can connect directly with their favorite creators and others who love the same things or build a loyal following of their own to share their ideas, opinions, and creativity with the world.•WhatsApp. WhatsApp is a simple, reliable, and secure messaging application that is used by people and businesses around the world to communicate and transact in a private way. Within WhatsApp we launched WhatsApp Channels, a one-to-many broadcast service designed to help people follow information from people and organizations that are important to them.Reality Labs ProductsMany of our Reality Labs investments are directed toward long-term, cutting edge research and development for products that are not on the market today and may only be fully realized in the next decade. This includes exploring new technologies such as neural interfaces using electromyography, which lets people control their devices using neuromuscular signals, as well as innovations in AI and hardware to help build next-generation interfaces. In the near term, we are continuing to develop early metaverse and wearables products and experiences that help people feel connected, anytime, anywhere. Our metaverse efforts include our VR, MR, and social platform initiatives. Our current product offerings in VR include our Meta Quest devices, as well as software and content available through the Meta Horizon Store, which enable a range of social experiences that allow people to defy physical distance while engaging in gaming, fitness, entertainment, and more. To drive greater adoption and acceptance of VR we have introduced MR capabilities, which allow users to experience the immersion and presence of VR while still being grounded in the physical world, through our Meta Quest devices. Our wearables efforts include our AR initiatives. We have continued to advance our roadmap to include additional AI-enabled offerings such as the Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses, which feature Meta AI, our advanced conversational assistant, as well as other features such as hands-free interaction. As we continue our long-term efforts to bring AR glasses to market, in 2024 we also unveiled our Orion prototype, a pair of true AR glasses that overlay content on top of the physical world. It does this with an industry-leading field of view and in glasses form factor for comfortable wear.In general, while all of these investments are part of our long-term initiative to help build the next computing platform, our metaverse efforts also include notable shorter-term projects developing specific products and services to go to market, whereas our wearables efforts are primarily directed toward longer-term research and development projects. For example, in 2025, we expect to spend approximately 50% of our Reality Labs operating expenses on our wearables initiatives, and the remaining 50% on our metaverse initiatives. We apply significant judgment in estimating this expense breakdown as there are certain shared costs across product lines, and our expectations are subject to change, including as the next computing platform and our business strategies evolve. In particular, we regularly evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and our product ideas and designs evolve.7Table of ContentsCompetitionOur business is characterized by innovation, rapid change, and disruptive technologies. We compete with companies providing connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as well as companies that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences. We compete to attract, engage, and retain people who use our products, to attract and retain businesses that use our free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers who build compelling applications that integrate with our products. We also compete with companies that develop and deliver consumer hardware and augmented, mixed, and virtual reality products and services. We also expect to face additional competition as we introduce or acquire new products, as our existing products evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, including as part of efforts to innovate through the development and application of AI and other new technologies as well as efforts to develop the metaverse.TechnologyOur product development philosophy centers on continuous innovation in creating and improving products that are social by design, which means that our products are designed to place people and their social interactions at the core of the product experience. As our user base grows, as engagement with products like video, VR, and MR increases, and as we deepen our investment in new technologies, our computing needs continue to expand. We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure, and a substantial portion of our technical infrastructure is also provided by third parties. Our ability to provide and continue to innovate our products and services depends on the continued availability of components, power, and network capacity.We make significant investments in technology both to improve our existing products and services and to develop new ones, as well as for our marketers and developers. We are also investing in protecting the security, privacy, and integrity of our platform by investing in both people and technology to strengthen our systems against abuse. Across all of these efforts, we are making significant investments in AI initiatives, including generative AI, to, among other things, recommend relevant content across our products through our AI-powered discovery engine, enhance our advertising tools and improve our ad delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities, and to develop new products as well as new features for existing products.We also believe in the power of open source innovation and have released our Llama models, consisting of state-of-the-art foundation models that are available for researchers and developers to use and build upon. By making our Llama models openly available, we aim to accelerate AI research and development, improve our own products, and to foster collaboration and innovation within the broader tech community. Sales and Operations The majority of our marketers use our self-service ad platform to launch and manage their advertising campaigns. We also have a global sales force that is focused on attracting and retaining advertisers and providing support to them throughout the stages of the marketing cycle from pre-purchase decision-making to real-time optimizations to post-campaign analytics. We work directly with these advertisers, as well as through advertising agencies and resellers. We operate offices in more than 90 cities around the globe, the majority of which have a sales presence. We also invest in and rely on self-service tools to provide direct customer support to our users and partners.For our RL products, our sales and operations efforts utilize third-party sales channels such as retailers, resellers, and our direct-to-consumer channel, Meta.com. These efforts are focused on driving consumer and enterprise sales and adoption of our Meta Quest portfolio of products and Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses. MarketingHistorically, our communities have generally grown organically with people inviting their friends to connect with them, supported by internal efforts to stimulate awareness and interest. In addition, we have invested and will continue to invest in marketing our products and services to grow our brand and help build community around the world. 8Table of ContentsIntellectual Property To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights. In addition, to further protect our proprietary rights, from time to time we have purchased patents and patent applications from third parties. We do not believe that our proprietary technology is dependent on any single patent or copyright or groups of related patents or copyrights. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products.Government RegulationWe are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, many of which are still evolving and being tested in courts, and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These laws and regulations involve matters including privacy, data use, data combination, data protection and personal information, the provision of our services to younger users, biometrics, encryption, rights of publicity, content, integrity, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, data localization and storage, data disclosure, AI and machine learning, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product liability, e-commerce, taxation, economic or other trade controls including sanctions, anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. In addition, these U.S. and foreign laws and regulations may impose different obligations from each other and create the potential for significant fines to be imposed.These U.S. federal and state, EU, and other international laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. For example, regulatory or legislative actions or litigation concerning the manner in which we display content to our users, moderate content, provide our services to younger users, or are able to use data in various ways, including for advertising, or otherwise relating to content that is made available on our products, have in the past and could in the future adversely affect user growth and engagement, affect the manner in which we provide our services, or adversely affect our financial results, including by imposing significant fines that increasingly may be calculated based on global revenue. In the United States, in 2023, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral argument in a matter in which the scope of the protections available to online platforms under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (Section 230) was at issue, but it ultimately declined to address Section 230 in its decision. In addition, there have been, and continue to be, various other litigation concerning, and state and federal legislative and executive efforts to remove or restrict, the scope of the protections available to online platforms under Section 230, and any such changes may increase our costs or require significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations, which could adversely affect our business and financial results.We are also subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. If we are unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are restricted from sharing data among our products and services, it could affect our ability to provide our services, the manner in which we provide our services or our ability to target ads, which could adversely affect our financial results. For example, in 2016, the European Union and United States agreed to a transfer framework for data transferred from the European Union to the United States, called the Privacy Shield, but the Privacy Shield was invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). In addition, the other bases upon which Meta relies to transfer such data, such as Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), have been subjected to regulatory and judicial scrutiny. For example, the CJEU considered the validity of SCCs as a basis to transfer user data from the European Union to the United States following a challenge brought by the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC). Although the CJEU upheld the validity of SCCs in July 2020, on May 12, 2023, the IDPC issued a Final Decision concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on SCCs in respect of certain transfers of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The IDPC issued an administrative fine of EUR €1.2 billion as well as corrective orders requiring Meta Platforms Ireland to suspend the relevant transfers and to bring its processing operations into compliance with Chapter V GDPR by ceasing the unlawful processing, including storage, 9Table of Contentsof such data in the United States. We are appealing this Final Decision and it is currently subject to an interim stay from the Irish High Court. Separately, on March 25, 2022, the European Union and United States announced that they had reached an agreement in principle on a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF). On October 7, 2022, President Biden signed the Executive Order on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities (E.O.), and on June 30, 2023, the European Union and the three additional countries making up the EEA were designated by the United States Attorney General as a "qualifying state" under Section 3(f) of the E.O. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision in relation to the United States. The adequacy decision concludes that the United States ensures an adequate level of protection for personal data transferred from the European Union to organizations in the United States that are included in the "Data Privacy Framework List," maintained and made publicly available by the United States Department of Commerce pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF. The implementation of the EU-U.S. DPF and the adequacy decision are important and welcome milestones, and we have implemented steps to comply with the above corrective orders following engagement with the IDPC. The EU-U.S. DPF replaces two prior adequacy frameworks which were invalidated by the CJEU. A further invalidation of the EU-U.S. DPF by the CJEU could create considerable uncertainty and lead to us being unable to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook and Instagram, in Europe, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.We have been subject to other significant legislative and regulatory developments, which together with proposed or new legislation and regulations could significantly affect our business in the future. For example, we have implemented a number of product changes and controls as a result of requirements under the GDPR, and may implement additional changes in the future. The GDPR also requires submission of personal data breach notifications to our lead European Union privacy regulator, the IDPC, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance with the notification obligation as well as other requirements of the regulation. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving, including through decisions of the CJEU, and draft decisions in investigations by the IDPC are subject to review by other European privacy regulators as part of the GDPR's consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes in the final outcome of such investigations. We also face potential enforcement from European privacy regulators other than the IDPC, including where those regulators consider they must act urgently or where they believe their concerns relate only to data processing undertaken in their individual jurisdiction. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty, and as it evolves, could potentially have a negative impact on our business and/or our operations. In addition, Brazil, the United Kingdom, and other countries have enacted similar data protection regulations imposing data privacy-related requirements on products and services offered to users in their respective jurisdictions. The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA), also establishes certain transparency rules and creates certain data privacy rights for users, including limitations on our use of certain sensitive personal information and more ability for users to control the purposes for which their data is shared with third parties. Other states have proposed or enacted similar comprehensive privacy laws that afford users with similar data privacy rights and controls. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation, and resulting limitations on our advertising services, or reductions of advertising by marketers, have to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. Some states have also proposed or enacted laws specifically focused on the privacy rights and controls for users under 18 years old and their parents or guardians. Like comprehensive privacy laws, these laws are evolving and subject to interpretation, and may restrict our ability to offer certain products and services provided to all or certain cohorts of users in those states, adversely affecting our advertising business. In Europe, evolving interpretation of the ePrivacy Directive's requirements regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies may lead to regulators imposing specific measures in the future which could directly impact our use of such technologies. In addition, the ePrivacy Directive and national implementation laws impose additional limitations on the use of data across messaging products and include significant penalties for non-compliance. Changes to our products or business practices as a result of these or similar developments have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our advertising business. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we announced plans to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent," and in November 2023 we began offering users in the region a "subscription for no ads" alternative. We are engaging with regulators on our consent model, including regarding compliance with requirements under the GDPR, Digital Markets Act (DMA), and EU consumer laws. For example, in March 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings regarding the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" model with requirements under the DMA, and it issued preliminary findings in July 2024, reflecting its preliminary view that our model does not comply with such requirements, and indicated that it will conclude its investigation in March 2025. In addition, the European Data Protection Board has published an opinion on the operation of such models under GDPR and European consumer protection organizations have raised concerns regarding our compliance with consumer protection laws. In response to these developments, in November 2024, we began offering users in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported by ads, an option to see less personalized ads, 10Table of Contentswhich are expected to be less relevant and effective than our premium ad offerings. These or any similar developments in the future may negatively impact our user growth and engagement, revenue, and financial results. Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals or recently enacted laws in the European Union, the United States, at both the federal and state level, as well as other jurisdictions that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas affecting our business. For example, the DMA in the European Union imposes restrictions and requirements on companies like ours, including in areas such as the combination of data across services, mergers and acquisitions, and product design. The DMA also includes significant penalties for non-compliance, and its key requirements are enforceable against designated gatekeeper companies as of March 2024. The DMA has caused, and may in the future cause, us to incur significant compliance costs and make changes to our products or business practices. The requirements under the DMA will likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement. Pending or future proposals to modify competition laws in a number of jurisdictions could have similar effects. Further, the Digital Services Act (DSA), which started to apply to our business as of August 2023, imposes certain restrictions and requirements for our products and services, subjects us to increased compliance costs, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance. The interpretation and enforcement of the DMA and the DSA, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, some countries, such as the UK, India, and Turkey, are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements, new competition requirements, or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could require substantial changes to our products, increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services, cause us to cease the offering of our products and services in certain countries, and/or result in fines or other penalties. New legislation or regulatory decisions may restrict our ability to collect and use information about minors or also limit our advertising services or our ability to offer products and services to minors in certain jurisdictions. For example, several U.S. states, including Arkansas, Utah, Texas, California, and Florida, among others, have passed laws restricting our ability to offer services to minors without parental consent or otherwise limiting the services that we can provide to minors. While enforcement of a number of these statutes (or parts of them) has been enjoined as a result of legal challenges to them, it is possible that the decisions to enjoin these statutes may be overturned, the injunctive orders may expire, and certain statutes are coming into effect that may not be subject to injunctions. Should enforcement of one or more of these statutes not be enjoined, we may not be able to comply with certain of these statutes by their respective effective dates. We may face similar challenges in light of recent legislation in Australia which imposes a social media ban for users under 16 years old that is expected to be effective by December 2025, requiring certain social media companies to take reasonable steps to ensure under 16 year olds do not create user accounts. Legislative proposals and evolving interpretation of existing laws in Europe, Asia-Pacific, and other jurisdictions may also subject us to new requirements relating to allegedly fraudulent or illegal activities by third parties on our platform, which could cause us to incur significant compliance costs or make changes to our products or business practices, and could subject us to additional fines and penalties or liability for losses to users or other third parties in such transactions. We are and expect to continue to be, the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and audits by government authorities and regulators in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly in the areas of privacy, data use, data combination, and data protection, including with respect to processing of sensitive data, data from third parties, data for advertising purposes, data security, minors, data subject rights, safety, law enforcement, consumer protection, civil rights, content and content moderation, use of our platform for illegal, illicit, or otherwise objectionable activity, competition, AI, and machine learning. We are also currently, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees, including the modified consent order we entered into with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), which took effect in April 2020 and, among other things, required us to significantly enhance our practices and processes for privacy compliance and oversight. The FTC also continues to monitor us and our compliance with the modified consent order and initiated an administrative proceeding against us, which we are challenging at the agency and in federal court, that alleges deficient compliance and violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the COPPA Rule, and Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and seeks changes to our business. If we are unsuccessful in our challenge to the FTC's action and the agency imposes its proposed order in its current form, we would be subject to significant limitations, including on our ability to launch new and modified products or use data of users under 18 years old. Orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for our personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to our products or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business.11Table of ContentsFor additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Part I,

---

## Item 1A: Risk Factors

*Technology risks, cybersecurity threats, and strategic vulnerabilities*

**Word Count**: 4,628

." For a discussion of limitations in the measurement of our Family metrics, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), we present revenue on a constant currency basis and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Revenue on a constant currency basis is presented in the section entitled "—Revenue—Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenue." To calculate revenue on a constant currency basis, we translated revenue for the full year 2024 using 2023 monthly exchange rates for our settlement or billing currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For a full description of our free cash flow non-GAAP measure, see the section entitled "—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Free Cash Flow."These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures may be different from non‑GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. Moreover, presentation of revenue on a constant currency basis is provided for year-over-year comparison purposes, and investors should be cautioned that the effect of changing foreign currency exchange rates has an actual effect on our operating results. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business.Executive Overview of Full Year 2024 Results Our mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible. Our financial results and key Family metrics for 2024 are set forth below. Total revenue for 2024 was $164.50 billion, an increase of 22% compared to 2023, due to an increase in advertising revenue. Revenue on a constant currency basis would have increased 23% compared to 2023. Ad impressions delivered across our Family of Apps in 2024 increased 11% year-over-year, and our average price per ad increased 10% year-over-year. Income from operations for 2024 was $69.38 billion, an increase of $22.63 billion, or 48%, compared to 2023, driven by an increase in advertising revenue, partially offset by an increase in costs and expenses. The increase in costs and expenses was mainly due to increases in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure and employee compensation, partially offset by lower restructuring and legal-related costs.59Table of ContentsConsolidated and Segment ResultsWe report our financial results for our two reportable segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). FoA includes Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and other services. RL includes our virtual, augmented, and mixed reality related consumer hardware, software, and content.Family of AppsReality LabsTotalYear EndedDecember 31,Year EndedDecember 31,Year EndedDecember 31,20242023% change20242023% change20242023% change(in millions, except percentages)Revenue$162,355 $133,006 22%$2,146 $1,896 13%$164,501 $134,902 22%Costs and expenses75,246 70,135 7%19,875 18,016 10%95,121 88,151 8%Income (loss) from operations$87,109 $62,871 39%$(17,729)$(16,120)(10)%$69,380 $46,751 48%Operating margin54 %47 %(826)%(850)%42 %35 % •Net income was $62.36 billion, with diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $23.86 for the year ended December 31, 2024.•Capital expenditures, including principal payments on finance leases, were $39.23 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024.•Share repurchases of our Class A common stock were $29.75 billion and total dividend and dividend equivalent payments were $5.07 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024.•Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $77.81 billion as of December 31, 2024.•Long-term debt was $28.83 billion as of December 31, 2024.•Effective tax rate was 12% for the year ended December 31, 2024.•Headcount was 74,067 as of December 31, 2024, an increase of 10% year-over-year. Dividend Beginning in February 2024, we declared and paid four quarterly cash dividends, including dividend equivalents, totaling $2.00 for each share of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2024. Total dividends and dividend equivalents paid were $4.38 billion and $691 million for Class A and Class B common stock, during the year ended December 31, 2024, respectively.Family of Apps Metrics•Family daily active people (DAP) was 3.35 billion on average for December 2024, an increase of 5% year-over-year.•Ad impressions delivered across our Family of Apps increased by 11% year-over-year in 2024.•Average price per ad increased by 10% year-over-year in 2024.Developments in AdvertisingSubstantially all of our revenue is currently generated from advertising on Facebook and Instagram. We rely on targeting and measurement tools that incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control, as well as signals generated within our products, in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers.In particular, legislative and regulatory developments such as the General Data Protection Regulation, including its evolving interpretation through decisions of the Court of Justice of the European Union, ePrivacy Directive, European Digital Services Act, Digital Markets Act, and U.S. state privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, have impacted our ability to use data signals in our ad products, and an increasing 60Table of Contentsnumber of laws have been introduced limiting or prohibiting the provision of our services to younger users. We expect these and other developments will have further impact in the future. As a result, we have implemented, and we will continue to implement, whether voluntarily or otherwise, changes to our products and user data practices, which reduce our ability to effectively target and measure ads and may negatively impact our advertising revenue and user engagement. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we announced our plans to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent," and began offering users in the region a "subscription for no ads" alternative. We subsequently began offering users in the region who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported by ads, an option to see less personalized ads, which are expected to be less relevant and effective than our premium ad offerings. We are engaging with regulators on our consent model. In addition, mobile operating system and browser providers, such as Apple and Google, have implemented product changes and/or announced future plans to limit the ability of websites and application developers to collect and use these signals to target and measure advertising. For example, in 2021, Apple made certain changes to its products and data use policies in connection with changes to its iOS operating system that reduce our and other iOS developers' ability to target and measure advertising, which has negatively impacted, and we expect will continue to negatively impact, the size of the budgets marketers are willing to commit to us and other advertising platforms.To mitigate these developments, we are continually working to evolve our advertising systems to improve the performance of our ad products. We are developing privacy enhancing technologies to deliver relevant ads and measurement capabilities while reducing the amount of personal information we process, including by relying more on anonymized or aggregated third-party data. In addition, we are developing tools that enable marketers to share their data into our systems, as well as ad products that generate more valuable signals within our apps. More broadly, we also continue to innovate our advertising tools to help marketers prepare campaigns and connect with consumers, including developing growing formats such as Reels ads and our business messaging ad products. Across all of these efforts, we are making significant investments in artificial intelligence (AI), including generative AI, to improve our delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities. Further, we are focused on driving onsite conversions in our business messaging ad products by developing new features and scaling existing features.We are also engaging with others across our industry to explore the possibility of new open standards for the private and secure processing of data for advertising purposes. We believe our ongoing improvements to ad targeting and measurement are continuing to drive improved results for advertisers. However, we expect that some of these efforts will be long-term initiatives, and that the legislative, regulatory and platform developments described above will continue to adversely impact our advertising revenue for the foreseeable future.In addition, we maintain advertising policies to protect the security and integrity of our platform and comply with global content, security, and integrity obligations. Our ongoing efforts to enhance enforcement against ads and marketers which violate our advertising policies adversely affect our revenue, and we expect that the continued enhancement of such efforts will have an impact on our revenue in the future, which may be material.Other Business and Macroeconomic ConditionsOther global and regional business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions also have had, and we believe will continue to have, an impact on our user growth and engagement and advertising revenue. In particular, we believe advertising budgets have been pressured from time to time by factors such as inflation, high interest rates, and related market uncertainty, which has led to reduced marketer spending. While we saw improvement in business and macroeconomic conditions in recent periods, continued business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical uncertainty remains, which could impact our financial results in future periods. In addition, competitive products and services have reduced some users' engagement with our products and services. We are investing in Reels and in AI initiatives across our products, including our AI-powered discovery engine to recommend relevant content, which we have already seen results in improved user engagement and monetization of our products. However, we continue to face competition from other products and services within certain demographics, in particular younger users. In addition, while Reels is growing in usage, it monetizes at a lower rate than our Feed and Stories products and we expect it will continue to monetize at a lower rate for the foreseeable future. We also have seen fluctuations and declines in the size of our active user base in one or more regions from time to time due to geopolitical conditions, which have adversely affected our user growth and engagement. These trends adversely affected advertising revenue in 2024, and we expect will continue to affect our advertising revenue in the foreseeable future.61Table of ContentsAlthough we regularly evaluate a variety of sources to understand trends in our advertising revenue, we do not have perfect visibility into the factors driving advertiser spending decisions and our assessments involve complex judgments about what is driving advertising decisions across a large and diversified advertiser base across the globe. Trends impacting advertising spend are also dynamic and interrelated. As a result, it is difficult to identify with precision which advertiser spending decisions are attributable to which trends, and we are unable to quantify the exact impact that each trend had on our advertising revenue during the periods presented.Investment PhilosophyWe expect to continue to build on the discipline and habits that we developed in 2022 when we initiated several efforts to increase our operating efficiency, while still remaining focused on investing in significant opportunities. In 2024, 79% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 21% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments include expenses relating to headcount, data centers, and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. These efforts include significant investments in AI initiatives, including to recommend relevant content across our products, enhance our advertising tools, develop new products, and develop new features for existing products using generative AI. In particular, we expect our AI initiatives will require increased investment in infrastructure and headcount.We are also making significant investments in our metaverse and wearables efforts, including developing virtual, augmented, and mixed reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies. Our RL investments include expenses relating to technology development across these efforts. Many of our RL investments are directed toward long-term, cutting-edge research and development for products that may only be fully realized in the next decade. In 2024, our RL segment reduced our overall operating profit by approximately $17.73 billion, and we continue to expect our RL operating losses to increase in 2025. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative, and our ability to support our RL efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. We are investing now because we believe this is the next chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital goods. 62Table of ContentsTrends in Our Revenue by User Geography We calculate our revenue by user geography based on our estimate of the geography in which ad impressions are delivered, virtual and digital goods are purchased, or consumer hardware products are shipped. The geography of our users affects our revenue and financial results. Our revenue in regions such as United States & Canada and Europe is relatively higher primarily due to the size and maturity of those online and mobile advertising markets, and ad impression growth is primarily in geographies that monetize at lower rates, such as Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. In 2024, revenue increased by 18% in United States & Canada, 26% in Europe, 22% in Asia-Pacific, and 31% in Rest of World, in each case relative to 2023.- Ad RevenueNon-Ad RevenueNote: Non-advertising revenue includes RL revenue generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products and FoA Other revenue, which consists of revenue from WhatsApp Business Platform, Meta Verified subscriptions, net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure, and revenue from various other sources.Our revenue by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our estimation of the geographic location of our users when they perform a revenue-generating activity. This allocation differs from our revenue disaggregated by geography disclosure in Note 2 — Revenue in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplemental Data" where revenue is geographically apportioned based on the addresses of our customers.63Table of ContentsTrends in Our Family MetricsThe numbers for our key Family metrics, our DAP and average revenue per person (ARPP), do not include users on our other products unless they would otherwise qualify as DAP based on their other activities on our Family products. Trends in the number of people in our community affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. Substantially all of our daily active people (as defined below) access our Family products on mobile devices.•Daily Active People (DAP). We define a daily active person as a registered and logged-in user of Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and/or WhatsApp (collectively, our "Family" of products) who visited at least one of these Family products through a mobile device application or using a web or mobile browser on a given day. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people. Our calculations of DAP rely upon complex techniques, algorithms, and machine learning models that seek to estimate the underlying number of unique people using one or more of these products, including by matching user accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a single person, and counting such group of accounts as one person. As these techniques and models require significant judgment, are developed based on internal reviews of limited samples of user accounts, and are calibrated against user survey data, there is necessarily some margin of error in our estimates. We view DAP as a measure of engagement across our products. For additional information, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.------Note: We report the numbers of DAP as specific amounts, but these numbers are estimates of the numbers of unique people using our products and are subject to statistical variances and errors. While we expect the error margin for these estimates to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be approximately 3% of our worldwide DAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. For additional information, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, our Family metrics no longer include Messenger Kids users.Worldwide DAP increased 5% to 3.35 billion on average during December 2024 from 3.19 billion during December 2023. 64Table of Contents•Average Revenue Per Person (ARPP). Our Family of Apps (FoA) revenue represents the substantial majority of our total revenue. We define ARPP as our FoA revenue during a given quarter, divided by the average of the number of DAP at the beginning and end of the quarter.ARPP:$10.68$9.47$10.42$10.93$12.33$11.20$11.89$12.29$14.25Ad RevenueNon-Ad RevenueNote: We updated our definition of ARPP beginning in the first quarter of 2024 and have recast ARPP in prior periods for comparative purposes.Our annual worldwide ARPP in 2024, which represents the sum of quarterly ARPP during such period, was $49.63, an increase of 15% from 2023.65Table of ContentsTrends in Our Ad Impressions and Average Price Per Ad•Ad Impressions. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to a user. Note: Our ad impressions growth by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our estimation of the geographic location of our users when an ad impression is delivered.66Table of Contents•Average Price Per Ad. We calculate average price per ad as total advertising revenue divided by the number of ads delivered. Note: Our average price per ad growth by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our estimation of the geographic location of our users when an ad impression is delivered.67Table of ContentsCritical Accounting EstimatesOur consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our accounting estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The actual impact on our financial performance could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.An accounting estimate is considered critical if both (i) the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved, and (ii) the impact within a reasonable range of outcomes of the estimates and assumptions is material to our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the estimates and assumptions associated with loss contingencies, income taxes, and valuation of assets, when applicable, have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting estimates. For further information on all of our significant accounting policies, see Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Loss ContingenciesWe are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. Additionally, we are required to comply with various legal and regulatory obligations around the world, and we regularly become subject to new laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The requirements for complying with these obligations may be uncertain and subject to interpretation and enforcement by regulatory and other authorities, and any failure to comply with such obligations could eventually lead to asserted legal or regulatory action. With respect to these matters, asserted and unasserted, we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated.We review the developments in our contingencies that could affect the amount of the provisions that have been previously recorded, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed. We make adjustments to our provisions and changes to our disclosures accordingly to reflect the merits of our defenses and the impact of negotiations, settlements, regulatory proceedings, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. Significant judgment is required to determine the probability of loss and the estimated amount of loss, including when and if the probability and estimate has changed for asserted and unasserted matters. Certain factors, in particular, have resulted in significant changes to these estimates and judgments in prior quarters based on updated information available. For example, in certain jurisdictions where we operate, fines and penalties may be the result of new laws and preliminary interpretations regarding the basis of assessing damages, which may make it difficult to estimate what such fines and penalties would amount to if successfully asserted against us. In addition, certain government inquiries and investigations, such as matters before our lead European Union privacy regulator, the Irish Data Protection Commission, are subject to review by other regulatory bodies before decisions are finalized, which can lead to significant changes in the outcome of an inquiry. As a result of these and other factors, we reasonably expect that our estimates and judgments with respect to our contingencies may continue to be revised in the future. The ultimate outcome of these matters, such as whether the likelihood of loss is remote, reasonably possible, or probable or if and when the reasonably possible range of loss is estimable, is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts that materially differ from management's estimates of losses, it could have a favorable or unfavorable impact on our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable. See Note 12 — Commitments and Contingencies and Note 15 — Income Taxes of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding these contingencies.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws. Our actual and forecasted income (loss) before 68Table of Contentsprovision is subject to change due to economic, political and other conditions and significant judgment is required in determining our ability to recognize our net deferred tax assets.We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. These uncertain tax positions include our estimates related to uncertainties with our research and development tax credits that are based on an assessment of whether our available documentation corroborating the nature of our activities supporting the tax credits will be sufficient. Similarly, our estimates for transfer pricing have been developed based upon analyses of appropriate arms-length prices. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions (including net interest and penalties), we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different, as significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision for income taxes. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax accounting guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made, and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.Valuation of AssetsThe valuation and impairment assessment of certain assets, including recoverability, requires significant judgment and assumptions such as estimation of future cash flows, discount rates, market data of comparable assets and companies, holding period and residual value of asset groups, among others.Impairment testing for long-lived-assets, including property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, occurs whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable compared to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from the use and eventual disposition. The impairment test is performed at the asset group level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. When the test results indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value.Impairment testing for non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values accounted for using the measurement alternative is performed at each reporting date to determine whether there are triggering events for impairment. Such qualitative assessment considers factors such as, but not limited to, the investee's financial condition and business outlook; industry and sector performance; regulatory, economic or technological environment; operational and financing cash flows; and other relevant events and factors affecting the investee. When indicators of impairment exist, we estimate the fair value of our non-marketable equity securities using the market approach and/or the income approach and recognize impairment loss in our consolidated statements of income if the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value. In addition, for these non-marketable equity securities, determining whether a non-marketable equity security issued by the same issuer is similar to the non-marketable equity security we hold may require judgment in (a) assessment of differences in rights and obligations associated with the instruments such as voting rights, distribution rights and preferences, and conversion features, and (b) adjustments to the observable price for differences such as, but not limited to, rights and obligations, control premium, liquidity, or principal or most advantageous markets. The identification of observable transactions will depend on the timely reporting of these transactions from our investee companies, which may occur in a period subsequent to when the transactions take place. Therefore, our fair value adjustment for these observable transactions may occur in a period subsequent to when the transaction actually occurred.Change in Accounting EstimateIn January 2025, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of certain servers and network assets, which resulted in an increase in their estimated useful life to 5.5 years, effective beginning fiscal year 2025. Based on the servers and network assets placed in service as of December 31, 2024, we expect this change in accounting estimate will reduce our full-year 2025 depreciation expense by approximately $2.9 billion. For information regarding the change in useful lives of our servers and network assets, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in

---

## Item 2: Properties

*Physical and technology infrastructure, facilities, and assets*

**Word Count**: 142

Our corporate headquarters are located in Menlo Park, California. As of December 31, 2024, we owned and leased approximately 11 million square feet of office and building space for our corporate headquarters and in the surrounding areas, which included approximately two million square feet of unoccupied office and building space that we plan to either sublease, early terminate, or abandon related to our facilities consolidation restructuring efforts. We also owned and leased approximately 62 acres of land to be developed to accommodate anticipated future growth.In addition, we have offices in more than 90 cities across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. We own 27 data center locations globally and we also lease some data centers at selected locations.We believe that our facilities, which are used by both reportable segments, are adequate for our current needs.50Table of Contents

---

## Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis

*Strategic technology investments, digital transformation, and future plans*

**Word Count**: 12,486

and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Estimates" contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 80Table of ContentsItem 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary DataMETA PLATFORMS, INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PageReports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 42)82Consolidated Financial Statements:Consolidated Balance Sheets86Consolidated Statements of Income87Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income88Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity89Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows90Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements92 81Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Meta Platforms, Inc.Opinion on the Financial StatementsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Meta Platforms, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control–Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated January 29, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit MattersThe critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit & Risk Oversight Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.82Table of ContentsLoss ContingenciesDescription of the MatterAs described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is party to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory or government inquiries and investigations. The Company accrues a liability when it believes a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that it will incur a loss in some of these cases, actions or inquiries described above. When applicable, the Company discloses an estimate of the amount of loss or range of possible loss that may be incurred. However, for certain other matters, the Company discloses that the amount of such losses or a range of possible losses cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.Auditing the Company's accounting for, and disclosure of these loss contingencies was especially challenging due to the significant judgment required to evaluate management's assessments of the likelihood of a loss, and their estimate of the potential amount or range of such losses.How We Addressed the Matter in Our AuditWe obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the identification and evaluation of these matters, including controls relating to the Company's assessment of the likelihood that a loss will be realized and their ability to reasonably estimate the potential range of possible losses. Our audit procedures included reading the minutes or a summary of the meetings of the committees of the board of directors, reading the proceedings, claims, and regulatory or government inquiries and investigations, or summaries as we deemed appropriate, requesting and receiving internal and external legal counsel confirmation letters, meeting with internal and external legal counsel to discuss the nature of the various matters, and obtaining representations from management. We also evaluated the appropriateness of the related disclosures included in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.83Table of ContentsUncertain Tax PositionsDescription of the MatterAs discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has received certain notices from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to transfer pricing agreements with the Company's foreign subsidiaries for certain periods examined. The IRS has stated that it will also apply its position to tax years subsequent to those examined. If the IRS prevails in its position, it could result in an additional federal tax liability, plus interest and any penalties asserted. The Company uses judgment to (1) determine whether a tax position's technical merits are more-likely-than-not to be sustained and (2) measure the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition.Auditing the Company's accounting for, and disclosure of, these uncertain tax positions was especially challenging due to the significant judgment required to assess management's evaluation of technical merits and the measurement of the tax position based on interpretations of tax laws and legal rulings.How We Addressed the Matter in Our AuditWe obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's process to assess the technical merits of tax positions related to these transfer pricing agreements and to measure the benefit of those tax positions. As part of our audit procedures over the Company's accounting for these positions, we involved our tax professionals to assist with our assessment of the technical merits of the Company's tax positions. This included assessing the Company's correspondence with the relevant tax authorities, evaluating income tax opinions or other third-party advice obtained by the Company, and requesting and receiving confirmation letters from third-party advisors. We also used our knowledge of, and experience with, the application of international and local income tax laws by the relevant income tax authorities to evaluate the Company's accounting for those tax positions. We analyzed the Company's assumptions and data used to determine the amount of the federal tax liability recognized and tested the mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations. We also evaluated the appropriateness of the related disclosures included in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in relation to these matters./s/ Ernst & Young LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007.San Jose, California January 29, 2025 84Table of ContentsReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Meta Platforms, Inc.Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial ReportingWe have audited Meta Platforms, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control–Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Meta Platforms, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated January 29, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for Opinion The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ Ernst & Young LLP San Jose, California January 29, 202585Table of ContentsMETA PLATFORMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions, except number of shares and par value)December 31, 20242023Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents$43,889 $41,862 Marketable securities33,926 23,541 Accounts receivable, net16,994 16,169 Prepaid expenses and other current assets5,236 3,793 Total current assets100,045 85,365 Non-marketable equity securities6,070 6,141 Property and equipment, net121,346 96,587 Operating lease right-of-use assets14,922 13,294 Goodwill20,654 20,654 Other assets13,017 7,582 Total assets$276,054 $229,623 Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable$7,687 $4,849 Operating lease liabilities, current1,942 1,623 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities23,967 25,488 Total current liabilities33,596 31,960 Operating lease liabilities, non-current18,292 17,226 Long-term debt28,826 18,385 Long-term income taxes9,987 7,514 Other liabilities2,716 1,370 Total liabilities93,417 76,455 Commitments and contingenciesStockholders' equity: Common stock, $0.000006 par value; 5,000 million Class A shares authorized, 2,190 million and 2,211 million shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively; 4,141 million Class B shares authorized, 344 million and 350 million shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively— — Additional paid-in capital83,228 73,253 Accumulated other comprehensive loss(3,097)(2,155)Retained earnings102,506 82,070 Total stockholders' equity182,637 153,168 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity$276,054 $229,623 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.86Table of ContentsMETA PLATFORMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME(In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 202420232022Revenue$164,501 $134,902 $116,609 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue30,161 25,959 25,249 Research and development43,873 38,483 35,338 Marketing and sales11,347 12,301 15,262 General and administrative9,740 11,408 11,816 Total costs and expenses95,121 88,151 87,665 Income from operations69,380 46,751 28,944 Interest and other income (expense), net1,283 677 (125)Income before provision for income taxes70,663 47,428 28,819 Provision for income taxes8,303 8,330 5,619 Net income$62,360 $39,098 $23,200 Earnings per share: Basic$24.61 $15.19 $8.63 Diluted$23.86 $14.87 $8.59 Weighted-average shares used to compute earnings per share:Basic2,534 2,574 2,687 Diluted2,614 2,629 2,702 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.87Table of ContentsMETA PLATFORMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In millions)Year Ended December 31, 202420232022Net income$62,360 $39,098 $23,200 Other comprehensive income (loss):Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax(1,413)618 (1,184)Change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale investments and other, net of tax471 757 (1,653)Comprehensive income$61,418 $40,473 $20,363 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.88Table of ContentsMETA PLATFORMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (In millions, except per share amounts)Class A and Class B Common StockAdditional Paid-In CapitalAccumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)Retained EarningsTotal Stockholders' EquitySharesPar ValueBalances at December 31, 20212,741 $— $55,811 $(693)$69,761 $124,879 Issuance of common stock54 — — — — — Shares withheld related to net share settlement(20)— (3,359)— (236)(3,595)Share-based compensation— — 11,992 — — 11,992 Share repurchases(161)— — — (27,926)(27,926)Other comprehensive loss— — — (2,837)— (2,837)Net income— — — — 23,200 23,200 Balances at December 31, 20222,614 — 64,444 (3,530)64,799 125,713 Issuance of common stock65 — — — — — Shares withheld related to net share settlement(26)— (5,218)— (1,794)(7,012)Share-based compensation— — 14,027 — — 14,027 Share repurchases(92)— — — (20,033)(20,033)Other comprehensive income— — — 1,375 — 1,375 Net income— — — — 39,098 39,098 Balances at December 31, 20232,561 — 73,253 (2,155)82,070 153,168 Issuance of common stock65 — — — — — Shares withheld related to net share settlement(27)— (6,721)— (7,049)(13,770)Share-based compensation— — 16,690 — — 16,690 Share repurchases(65)— — — (29,754)(29,754)Dividends and dividend equivalents declared ($2.00 per share) (1)— — — — (5,121)(5,121)Other— — 6 — — 6 Other comprehensive loss— — — (942)— (942)Net income— — — — 62,360 62,360 Balances at December 31, 20242,534 $— $83,228 $(3,097)$102,506 $182,637 _______________________(1)Our dividend program began in the first quarter of 2024.See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.89Table of ContentsMETA PLATFORMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In millions)Year Ended December 31, 202420232022Cash flows from operating activitiesNet income$62,360 $39,098 $23,200 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:Depreciation and amortization15,498 11,178 8,686 Share-based compensation16,690 14,027 11,992 Deferred income taxes(4,738)131 (3,286)Impairment charges for facilities consolidation383 2,432 2,218 Data center assets abandonment— (224)1,341 Other87 635 641 Changes in assets and liabilities:Accounts receivable(1,485)(2,399)231 Prepaid expenses and other current assets(698)559 162 Other assets(270)(80)(106)Accounts payable373 51 210 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities323 5,081 4,300 Other liabilities2,805 624 886 Net cash provided by operating activities91,328 71,113 50,475 Cash flows from investing activitiesPurchases of property and equipment(37,256)(27,045)(31,186)Purchases of marketable securities(25,542)(2,982)(9,626)Sales and maturities of marketable securities15,789 6,184 13,158 Acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets(270)(629)(1,312)Other investing activities129 (23)(4)Net cash used in investing activities(47,150)(24,495)(28,970)Cash flows from financing activitiesTaxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards(13,770)(7,012)(3,595)Repurchases of Class A common stock(30,125)(19,774)(27,956)Payments for dividends and dividend equivalents(5,072)— — Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net10,432 8,455 9,921 Principal payments on finance leases(1,969)(1,058)(850)Other financing activities(277)(111)344 Net cash used in financing activities(40,781)(19,500)(22,136)Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash(786)113 (638)Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash2,611 27,231 (1,269)Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period42,827 15,596 16,865 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the period$45,438 $42,827 $15,596 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheetsCash and cash equivalents$43,889 $41,862 $14,681 Restricted cash, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets353 99 294 Restricted cash, included in other assets1,196 866 621 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$45,438 $42,827 $15,596 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.90Table of ContentsMETA PLATFORMS, INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In millions)Year Ended December 31, 202420232022Supplemental cash flow dataCash paid for income taxes, net$10,554 $6,607 $6,407 Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized$486 $448 $— Non-cash investing and financing activities:Property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities$7,127 $4,105 $3,319 Acquisition of businesses and intangible assets in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other liabilities$172 $119 $291 Repurchases of Class A common stock in accrued expenses and other current liabilities$— $474 $310 See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.91Table of ContentsMETA PLATFORMS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesOrganization and Description of Business We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2004. Our mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible. We report our financial results based on two reportable segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). The segment information aligns with how the chief operating decision maker (CODM), who is our chief executive officer (CEO), reviews and manages the business. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising.Basis of PresentationWe prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Meta Platforms, Inc., its subsidiaries where we have controlling financial interests, and any variable interest entities for which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Balance Sheets Reclassifications Certain prior period amounts on the consolidated balance sheets have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.•Intangible assets, net was reclassified into other assets•Partners payable was reclassified into accrued expenses and other current liabilities•Long-term income taxes was reclassified out of other liabilitiesThese reclassifications had no impact on our previously reported total assets, total liabilities, revenue, income from operations, net income or cash flows.Use of EstimatesPreparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates form the basis for judgments we make about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, which are not readily apparent from other sources. We base our estimates and judgments on historical information and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments in several areas, including, but not limited to, those related to loss contingencies, income taxes, valuation of long-lived assets and their associated estimated useful lives, valuation of non-marketable equity securities, revenue recognition, valuation of goodwill, credit losses of available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and accounts receivable, and fair value of financial instruments and leases. These estimates are based on management's knowledge about current events, interpretation of regulations, and expectations about actions we may undertake in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.In January 2025, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of certain servers and network assets, and determined we should extend the estimated useful lives to 5.5 years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2025.92Table of ContentsRevenue RecognitionWe recognize revenue under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Sales commissions we pay in connection with contracts are expensed when incurred because the amortization period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within marketing and sales on our consolidated statements of income. We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less.Revenue includes sales and usage‑based taxes, except for cases where we are acting as a pass‑through agent.Advertising RevenueAdvertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Marketers pay for ad products either directly or through their relationships with advertising agencies or resellers, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of actions, such as clicks, taken by our users.We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to users. We recognize revenue from the delivery of action-based ads in the period in which a user takes the action the marketer contracted for. In general, we report advertising revenue on a gross basis, since we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. For revenue generated from arrangements that involve third-parties, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenue on a gross basis, or the agent, and report revenue on a net basis. In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion in establishing price.We may accept lower consideration than the amount promised per the contract for certain revenue transactions and certain customers may receive cash-based incentives, credits, or refunds, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. We estimate these amounts and reduce revenue based on the amounts expected to be provided to customers. We believe that there will not be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration for the reported periods.Reality Labs RevenueRL revenue is generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products, such as Meta Quest and Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses, and related software and content. Revenue is recognized at the time control of the products is transferred to customers, which is generally at the time of delivery, in an amount that reflects the consideration RL expects to be entitled to in exchange for the products.Other RevenueFoA other revenue consists of revenue from WhatsApp Business Platform, Meta Verified subscriptions, net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure, and revenue from various other sources.Cost of RevenueOur cost of revenue consists of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products. These mainly include expenses related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure, such as depreciation expense from servers, network infrastructure and buildings, employee compensation which includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for employees on our operations teams, and energy and bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also consists of costs associated with partner arrangements, including traffic acquisition costs and credit card and other fees related to processing customer transactions; RL inventory costs, which consist of cost of products sold and estimated losses on non-cancelable contractual commitments; and content costs.93Table of ContentsContent CostsOur content costs are mostly related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and music to increase engagement on the platform. We pay fees to these content providers based on revenue generated, a flat fee, or both. For licensed video, we expense the cost per title when the title is accepted and available for viewing if the capitalization criteria are not met. Video content costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material to date.For licensed music, we expense the license fees over the contractual license period. We pay fees to music partners based on revenue generated, minimum guaranteed fees, flat fees, or a combination thereof. Expensed content costs are included in cost of revenue on our consolidated statements of income.Software Development CostsSoftware development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be marketed or sold to external users, are expensed before the software or technology reach technological feasibility, which is typically reached shortly before the release of such products.Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and applications used to deliver our services. These software development costs meet the criteria for capitalization once the preliminary project stage is complete, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Software development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material to date.Share-based CompensationShare-based compensation expense consists of the company's restricted stock units (RSUs) expense. RSUs granted to employees are measured based on the grant-date fair value. In general, our RSUs vest over a service period of four years. Share-based compensation expense is generally recognized on the straight-line basis over the requisite service period and forfeitures are accounted for as they occur.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We recognize the deferred income tax effects of a change in tax rates in the period of the enactment.We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of the provision for income taxes.Advertising ExpenseAdvertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in marketing and sales expenses on our consolidated statements of income. We incurred advertising expenses of $2.06 billion, $2.02 billion, and $2.65 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.94Table of ContentsCash and Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities, and Restricted CashCash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with financial institutions globally and highly liquid investments with maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase. We classify amounts in transit from customer credit cards and payment service providers as cash on our consolidated balance sheets.We hold investments in marketable debt securities, consisting of U.S. government securities, U.S. government agency securities, and investment grade corporate debt securities. We classify our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale (AFS) investments in our current assets because they represent investments of cash available for current operations. Our AFS investments are carried at estimated fair value with any unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. AFS debt securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are assessed to determine what amount of that difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. Allowance for credit losses on AFS debt securities are recognized as a charge in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income, and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. We determine realized gains or losses on sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method and include such gains or losses in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income.We also hold investments in marketable equity securities that are publicly traded stocks. We classify these equity securities as marketable securities within current assets on our consolidated balance sheets because they are available to be converted into cash to fund current operations without any restriction. These marketable equity securities are measured at fair value at each reporting date with the resulted unrealized gains and losses recognized in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income.We classify certain restricted cash balances, consisting mostly of cash related to insurance policies, cash reserves designated for a specific purpose, as well as retention and indemnification holdback for our acquisitions, within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets, based upon the expected duration of the restrictions.Non-marketable Equity Securities Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values. We elected to account for substantially all of our non-marketable equity securities using the measurement alternative, which is cost, less any impairment, adjusted for changes in fair value resulting from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer as of the respective transaction dates. We periodically review our non-marketable equity securities for impairment. When indicators exist and the estimated fair value of an investment is below its carrying amount, we write down the investment to fair value. The change in carrying value, resulted from the remeasurements, is recognized in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income. For additional information, see Note 6 — Non-marketable Equity Securities. In addition, we also held other non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the equity method which were not material as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. Fair Value MeasurementsWe apply fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. We define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:Level 1- Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.95Table of ContentsLevel 2- Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.Level 3- Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management's estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.Our cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash equivalents are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because their fair values are derived from quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. Certain other assets are classified within Level 3 because factors used to develop the estimated fair value are unobservable inputs that are not supported by market activity.Our non-marketable equity securities accounted for using the measurement alternative are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. When indicators of impairment exist or observable price changes of qualified transactions occur, the respective non-marketable equity security would be classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the valuation methods include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, rights, and obligations of the securities we hold. Accounts Receivable and AllowancesAccounts receivable are recorded and carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts. We make estimates of expected credit and collectibility trends for the allowance for credit losses and allowance for unbilled receivables based upon our assessment of various factors, including historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality of our customers, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and other factors that may affect our ability to collect from customers. Expected credit losses are recorded as general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of income. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable were not material. Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment, including finance leases, are depreciated and stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease term, whichever is shorter.The estimated useful lives of property and equipment and amortization periods of finance lease right-of-use (ROU) assets as of December 31, 2024 are described below: Property and Equipment Useful Life/ Amortization periodServers and network assetsFour to Five years (1)Buildings25 to 30 yearsEquipment and otherOne to 25 yearsFinance lease right-of-use assetsFive to 20 yearsLeasehold improvementsLesser of estimated useful life or remaining lease term_______________________(1)Effective January 2025, the useful lives of certain servers and network assets are extended to 5.5 years.We evaluate at least annually the recoverability of property and equipment for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of property and equipment assets is not recoverable, and the asset's fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized. The useful lives of our property and equipment are management's estimates when the assets are initially recognized and are routinely reviewed for the remaining estimated useful lives. Our estimate of useful lives represents the best estimate of the useful lives based on current facts and circumstances, but may differ from the actual useful lives due to changes to our business operations, changes in the planned use of assets, and technological advancements. When we change the estimated 96Table of Contentsuseful life assumption for any asset, the remaining carrying amount of the asset is accounted for prospectively and depreciated or amortized over the revised estimated useful life.Servers and network assets include equipment mostly in our data centers, which is used to support production traffic. Land and assets held within construction in progress (CIP) are not depreciated. CIP assets are related to the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for their intended use. We also capitalize interest on our debt related to certain eligible CIP assets and depreciate over the useful life of the related assets.The cost of maintenance and repairs is expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from their respective accounts, and gain or loss on such sale or disposal is reflected in income from operations.Lease ObligationsOur operating leases mostly comprise of certain data centers, offices, and colocations. We also have finance leases for certain network infrastructure. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception and most of our leases contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components include fixed payments for maintenance, utilities, real estate taxes, and management fees. We combine fixed lease and non-lease components and account for them as a single lease component. Our lease agreements may contain variable costs such as contingent rent escalations, common area maintenance, insurance, real estate taxes, or other costs. These amounts are affected by the Consumer Price Index, payments contingent on energy production for renewable energy purchase arrangements, and maintenance and utilities. Such variable lease costs are expensed as incurred on our consolidated statements of income. For certain colocation and equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities.For leases with a lease term greater than 12 months, ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized on our consolidated balance sheets at the commencement date based on the present value of the remaining fixed lease payments and includes only payments that are fixed and determinable at the time of commencement. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. When determining the probability of exercising such options, we consider contract-based, asset-based, entity-based, and market-based factors. We do not assume renewals in our determination of the lease term unless the renewals are deemed to be reasonably assured. Our lease agreements generally do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Our incremental borrowing rate is based on our understanding of what our credit rating would be in a similar economic environment.Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, operating lease liabilities, current, and operating lease liabilities, non-current on our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, net, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease terms.During the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recorded net impairment losses of $383 million, $2.43 billion, and $2.22 billion, respectively, in aggregate for operating lease ROU assets and leasehold improvements under ASC Topic 360 as a part of our facilities consolidation restructuring efforts. The fair values of the impaired assets were estimated using discounted cash flow models (income approach) based on market participant assumptions with Level 3 inputs. The assumptions used in estimating fair value include the expected downtime prior to the commencement of future subleases, projected sublease income over the remaining lease periods, and discount rates that reflect the level of risk associated with receiving future cash flows. For additional information regarding our restructuring efforts, see Note 3 — Restructuring.97Table of ContentsLoss ContingenciesWe are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. Additionally, we are required to comply with various legal and regulatory obligations around the world, and we regularly become subject to new laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The requirements for complying with these obligations may be uncertain and subject to interpretation and enforcement by regulatory and other authorities, and any failure to comply with such obligations could eventually lead to asserted legal or regulatory action. With respect to these matters, asserted and unasserted, we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We record such losses as general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of income. If we determine that a loss is probable or reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements to the extent material. Business CombinationsWe allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. Allocation of purchase consideration to identifiable assets and liabilities affects the amortization expense, as acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the useful life, whereas any indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are not amortized. During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from business combinations and are expensed as incurred.Goodwill and Intangibles AssetsWe allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from business combinations. We evaluate our reporting units annually, as well as when changes in our operating segments occur. For changes in reporting units, we reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We have two reporting units, Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL), subject to goodwill impairment testing. As of December 31, 2024, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.We evaluate the recoverability of finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation of these intangible assets are performed at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from the use and eventual disposition. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of a finite-lived intangible asset is not recoverable and the asset's fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized. The impairment charges of finite-lived intangible assets were not material during the reporting periods presented. Our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized. If an indefinite-lived intangible asset is subsequently determined to have a finite useful life, the asset will be tested for impairment and accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets. If we change the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance is amortized over the revised estimated useful life. Intangible assets are included within other assets on our consolidated balance sheet.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for revenue, costs, and expenses. Translation gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive 98Table of Contentsincome (loss) as a component of stockholders' equity. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had cumulative translation losses, net of tax, of $2.66 billion and $1.24 billion, respectively. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the subsidiary involved are recorded within interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income. Net losses resulting from foreign currency transactions were $690 million, $366 million, and $81 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.Credit Risk and ConcentrationOur financial instruments that are potentially subject to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable debt securities, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents consists mostly of money market funds, that primarily invest in U.S. government and agency securities. Marketable debt securities consist of investments in U.S. government securities, U.S. government agency securities, and investment grade corporate debt securities. As part of our cash management strategy, we concentrate cash deposits with large financial institutions and our marketable debt securities are held in diversified highly rated securities. Our investment portfolio in corporate debt securities is highly liquid and diversified among individual issuers. The amount of credit losses recorded for the year ended December 31, 2024 was not material.Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers across different industries and countries. We generated 36%, 37%, and 40% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, from marketers and developers based in the United States, with a majority of the revenue outside of the United States in 2024 coming from customers located in western Europe, China, Brazil, Australia, India and Canada.We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral. We maintain an allowance for estimated credit losses, and bad debt expense on these losses was not material during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. In the event that accounts receivable collection cycles deteriorate, our operating results and financial position could be adversely affected.No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.Recently Adopted Accounting PronouncementsBeginning in 2024 annual reporting, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASU 2023-07) that was issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). This new standard requires an enhanced disclosure of significant segment expenses on an annual and interim basis. Upon adoption, the guidance was applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements, which resulted in the disclosure of employee compensation costs for each reportable segment. For additional information, see Note 16 — Segment and Geographical Information. Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet AdoptedIn December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which improves the transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. It also includes certain other amendments to improve the effectiveness of income tax disclosures. This new standard will be effective for the annual periods beginning the year ended December 31, 2025. The new standard permits early adoption and can be applied prospectively or retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (ASU 2024-03). The new guidance requires disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items on an annual and interim basis. This guidance will be effective for annual periods beginning the year ended December 31, 2027 and for interim periods thereafter. The new standard permits early adoption and can be applied prospectively or retrospectively. We are evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.99Table of ContentsNote 2. RevenueRevenue disaggregated by revenue source and by segment consists of the following (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 202420232022Advertising$160,633 $131,948 $113,642 Other revenue1,722 1,058 808 Family of Apps162,355 133,006 114,450 Reality Labs2,146 1,896 2,159 Total revenue$164,501 $134,902 $116,609 Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers, consists of the following (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 202420232022United States and Canada (1)$63,207 $52,888 $50,150 Europe (3)38,361 31,210 26,681 Asia-Pacific (2)45,009 36,154 27,760 Rest of World (3)17,924 14,650 12,018 Total revenue$164,501 $134,902 $116,609 _________________________(1)United States revenue was $59.73 billion, $49.78 billion, and $47.20 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. (2)China revenue was $18.35 billion, $13.69 billion, and $7.40 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.(3)Europe includes Russia and Turkey, and Rest of World includes Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East.Total deferred revenue was $772 million and $675 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, we expect $721 million of our deferred revenue to be realized in less than a year. 100Table of ContentsNote 3. Restructuring2022 RestructuringIn 2022, we initiated several measures to pursue greater efficiency and to realign our business and strategic priorities. These measures included a facilities consolidation strategy to sublease, early terminate, or abandon several office buildings under operating leases, a layoff of approximately 11,000 employees across the Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL) segments, and a pivot towards a next generation data center design, including cancellation of multiple data center projects (the 2022 Restructuring). As of December 31, 2024, we have completed the 2022 restructuring initiatives.A summary of our 2022 Restructuring pre-tax charges for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, including subsequent adjustments, is as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 2024 (1)20232022Cost of revenue$31 $(47)$1,495 Research and development254 1,572 1,719 Marketing and sales54 395 638 General and administrative50 335 759 Total$389 $2,255 $4,611 ________________________(1)The 2024 charges are all related to facilities consolidation.Plan to DateFacilities ConsolidationSeverance and Other Personnel CostsData Center AssetsTotal Cost of revenue$362 $— $1,116 $1,478 Research and development3,146 399 — 3,545 Marketing and sales854 233 — 1,087 General and administrative828 316 — 1,144 Total$5,190 $948 $1,116 $7,254 Total restructuring charges recorded under our FoA segment were $305 million, $1.74 billion, and $4.10 billion, and RL segment were $84 million, $516 million and $515 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.2023 RestructuringThe 2023 Restructuring charges for severance and related personnel costs were $1.20 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. We completed the 2023 restructuring as of December 31, 2023.101Table of ContentsNote 4. Earnings per ShareThe holders of our Class A and Class B common stock (together, "common stock") have identical liquidation and dividend rights but different voting rights. Accordingly, we present the earnings per share (EPS) for Class A and Class B common stock together. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of our common stock outstanding. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of fully diluted common stock outstanding and assumes the conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A common stock. Class A common stock equivalent of restricted stock units (RSUs) with anti-dilutive effect were not material for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, approximately 16 million and 95 million shares of RSUs were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation, respectively, as including them would have an anti-dilutive effect.The numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted EPS computations for our common stock are calculated as follows (in millions, except per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 20242023 (2)2022 (2)Basic EPS: Numerator Distributed earnings$5,072 $— $— Undistributed earnings57,288 39,098 23,200 Net income$62,360 $39,098 $23,200 Denominator Shares used in computation of basic EPS (1)2,534 2,574 2,687 Basic EPS$24.61 $15.19 $8.63 Diluted EPS: Numerator Net income for diluted EPS$62,360 $39,098 $23,200 Denominator Shares used in computation of basic EPS (1)2,534 2,574 2,687 Effect of dilutive RSUs80 55 15 Shares used in computation of diluted EPS2,614 2,629 2,702 Diluted EPS$23.86 $14.87 $8.59 ____________________________________(1)Includes 2,189 million, 2,220 million, and 2,285 million shares of Class A common stock and 345 million, 354 million, and 402 million shares of Class B common stock, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.(2)The prior period EPS for Class A and Class B common stock has been presented together to conform with current period presentation, which had no impact on our previously reported basic or diluted EPS.We declared and paid four quarterly cash dividends, including dividend equivalents, totaling $2.00 for each share of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2024. Total dividends and dividend equivalents paid for Class A and Class B common stock were $4.38 billion and $691 million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2024. EPS for Class B common stock is not presented separately as under the two-class method Class A and Class B EPS is not meaningfully different. 102Table of ContentsNote 5. Financial InstrumentsFair Value Measurements Our cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash equivalents are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because their fair values are derived from quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs. Certain other assets are classified within Level 3 because factors used to develop the estimated fair value are unobservable inputs that are not supported by market activity.The following tables summarize our assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the classification by level of input within the fair value hierarchy (in millions): Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date UsingDescriptionDecember 31, 2024Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets(Level 1)Significant Other Observable Inputs(Level 2)Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)Cash equivalents:Money market funds$36,165 $36,165 $— $— U.S. government and agency securities23 23 — — Time deposits369 — 369 — Corporate debt securities114 — 114 — Total cash equivalents36,671 36,188 483 — Marketable securities:U.S. government securities14,889 14,889 — — U.S. government agency securities3,053 3,053 — — Corporate debt securities14,758 — 14,758 — Marketable equity securities1,226 1,226 — — Total marketable securities33,926 19,168 14,758 — Restricted cash equivalents1,193 1,193 — — Other assets101 — — 101 Total$71,891 $56,549 $15,241 $101 103Table of Contents Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date UsingDescriptionDecember 31, 2023Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets(Level 1)Significant Other Observable Inputs(Level 2)Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)Cash equivalents:Money market funds$32,910 $32,910 $— $— U.S. government and agency securities2,206 2,206 — — Time deposits261 — 261 — Corporate debt securities220 — 220 — Total cash equivalents35,597 35,116 481 — Marketable securities:U.S. government securities8,439 8,439 — — U.S. government agency securities3,498 3,498 — — Corporate debt securities11,604 — 11,604 — Total marketable securities23,541 11,937 11,604 — Restricted cash equivalents857 857 — — Other assets101 — — 101 Total$60,096 $47,910 $12,085 $101 Unrealized LossesThe following tables summarize our available-for-sale marketable debt securities and cash equivalents with unrealized losses as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, aggregated by major security type and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions):December 31, 2024Less than 12 months12 months or greaterTotalFair ValueUnrealized LossesFair ValueUnrealized LossesFair ValueUnrealized LossesU.S. government securities$6,860 $(71)$4,330 $(146)$11,190 $(217)U.S. government agency securities435 (2)2,083 (44)2,518 (46)Corporate debt securities2,989 (26)6,373 (192)9,362 (218)Total$10,284 $(99)$12,786 $(382)$23,070 $(481) December 31, 2023Less than 12 months12 months or greaterTotalFair ValueUnrealized LossesFair ValueUnrealized LossesFair ValueUnrealized LossesU.S. government securities$336 $(1)$7,041 $(275)$7,377 $(276)U.S. government agency securities71 — 3,225 (164)3,296 (164)Corporate debt securities647 (3)10,125 (491)10,772 (494)Total$1,054 $(4)$20,391 $(930)$21,445 $(934)The gross unrealized gains on our marketable debt securities were not material as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.104Table of ContentsContractual MaturitiesThe following table classifies our marketable debt securities by contractual maturities (in millions): December 31, 2024Due within one year$7,847 Due after one year to five years24,853 Total$32,700 Instruments Measured at Fair Value on Non-recurring BasisOur non-marketable equity securities accounted for using the measurement alternative are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because we use significant unobservable inputs to estimate their fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, changes in the fair value recorded for these non-marketable equity securities were not material. For additional information, see Note 6 — Non-marketable Equity Securities.Note 6. Non-marketable Equity SecuritiesOur non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values. The following table summarizes our non-marketable equity securities that were measured using measurement alternative and equity method (in millions):December 31,20242023Non-marketable equity securities under measurement alternative:Initial cost$6,342 $6,389 Cumulative upward adjustments300 293 Cumulative impairment/downward adjustments(624)(599)Carrying value6,018 6,083 Non-marketable equity securities under equity method52 58 Total non-marketable equity securities$6,070 $6,141 During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, impairment and downward adjustments recorded for our non-marketable equity securities that were measured using measurement alternative was $42 million, $101 million, and $447 million, respectively.105Table of ContentsNote 7. Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment, net consists of the following (in millions): December 31, 20242023Land$2,561 $2,080 Servers and network assets68,397 46,838 Buildings47,076 37,961 Leasehold improvements7,293 6,972 Equipment and other7,150 7,416 Finance lease right-of-use assets5,384 4,185 Construction in progress26,802 24,269 Property and equipment, gross164,663 129,721 Less: Accumulated depreciation(43,317)(33,134)Property and equipment, net$121,346 $96,587 Construction in progress includes costs mostly related to construction of data centers, network infrastructure and servers. Depreciation expense on property and equipment was $15.29 billion, $11.02 billion, and $8.50 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Within property and equipment, our servers and network assets depreciation expenses were $11.34 billion, $7.32 billion, and $5.29 billion for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we capitalized $384 million and $283 million of interest expense related to certain eligible construction in progress assets, respectively.During the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, total impairment losses, including restructuring charges, for property and equipment were $288 million, $738 million and $2.01 billion, respectively. For additional information, see Note 3 — Restructuring. Note 8. LeasesWe have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements mostly for our data centers, offices and colocations. We have also entered into various non-cancelable finance lease agreements for certain network infrastructure. Our leases have original lease periods expiring between 2025 and 2093. Many leases include one or more options to renew.The components of lease costs are as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 202420232022Finance lease cost:Amortization of right-of-use assets$387 $349 $380 Interest23 20 16 Operating lease cost2,359 2,091 1,857 Variable lease cost and other844 580 363 Total$3,613 $3,040 $2,616 We also recorded $385 million, $1.76 billion, and $1.71 billion net impairment losses for operating lease right-of-use assets as a part of our facilities consolidation restructuring efforts for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. For additional information, see Note 3 — Restructuring. 106Table of ContentsSupplemental balance sheet information related to lease liabilities is as follows:December 31, 20242023Weighted-average remaining lease term:Finance leases13.7 years14.0 yearsOperating leases 11.5 years11.6 yearsWeighted-average discount rate:Finance leases3.6 %3.4 %Operating leases3.9 %3.7 %The following is a schedule, by years, of maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2024 (in millions):Operating LeasesFinance Leases2025$2,657 $96 20262,625 68 20272,575 68 20282,459 68 20292,391 64 Thereafter13,022 528 Total undiscounted cash flows25,729 892 Less: Imputed interest(5,495)(183)Present value of lease liabilities (1)$20,234 $709 Lease liabilities, current$1,942 $76 Lease liabilities, non-current18,292 633 Present value of lease liabilities (1)$20,234 $709 _________________(1) Lease liabilities include operating leases under restructuring as a part of our facilities consolidation efforts. For additional information, see Note 3 — Restructuring.The table above does not include lease payments that were not fixed at commencement or lease modification. As of December 31, 2024, we have additional operating and finance leases, that have not yet commenced, with total lease obligations of approximately $34.12 billion, mostly for data centers, network infrastructure, and colocations. These operating and finance leases will commence between 2025 and 2030 with lease terms of greater than one year to 30 years. Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 202420232022Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:Operating cash flows for operating leases (1)$2,830 $2,233 $1,654 Operating cash flows for finance leases$23 $20 $16 Financing cash flows for finance leases$1,969 $1,058 $850 Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets:Operating leases$3,784 $4,370 $4,366 Finance leases$181 $588 $223 _________________(1) Cash flows for operating leases during the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 include cash paid for terminations of certain operating leases.107Table of ContentsNote 9. Goodwill and Intangible AssetsGoodwill generated from our business acquisitions was primarily attributable to expected synergies and potential monetization opportunities. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows (in millions):Family of AppsReality LabsTotalDecember 31, 2022$19,250 $1,056 $20,306 Acquisitions— 357 357 Adjustments(4)(5)(9)December 31, 202319,246 1,408 20,654 Acquisitions— — — December 31, 2024$19,246 $1,408 $20,654 The following table sets forth the major categories of the intangible assets and their weighted-average remaining useful lives (in millions):December 31, 2024December 31, 2023Weighted-Average Remaining Useful Lives (in years)Gross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountGross Carrying AmountAccumulated AmortizationNet Carrying AmountAcquired technology4.6$442 $(247)$195 $478 $(182)$296 Acquired patents3.7252 (165)87 287 (233)54 Acquired software2.7250 (58)192 — — — Other2.024 (8)16 28 (15)13 Total finite-lived assets968 (478)490 793 (430)363 Total indefinite-lived assetsN/A425 — 425 425 — 425 Total$1,393 $(478)$915 $1,218 $(430)$788 Amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $211 million, $161 million, and $185 million, respectively.As of December 31, 2024, expected amortization expense for the unamortized finite-lived intangible assets for the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in millions):2025$205 2026125 202764 202838 202923 Thereafter35 Total$490 108Table of Contents Note 10. Long-term DebtAs of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had $29.0 billion and $18.50 billion of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes (the Notes), respectively, including $10.50 billion of Notes issued in August 2024. The following table summarizes the Notes and the carrying amount of our long-term debt (in millions, except percentages):MaturityStated Interest RateEffective Interest RateDecember 31, 2024December 31, 2023August 2022 Notes:2027 - 20623.50% - 4.65%3.63% - 4.71%$10,000 $10,000 May 2023 Notes:2028 - 20634.60% - 5.75%4.68% - 5.79%8,500 8,500 August 2024 Notes:2029 - 20644.30% - 5.55%4.42% - 5.60%10,500 — Total face amount of long-term debt29,000 18,500 Unamortized discount and issuance costs, net(174)(115)Long-term debt$28,826 $18,385 Each series of the Notes in the table above rank equally with each other. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. We may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole or in part, at specified redemption prices. We are not subject to any financial covenants under the Notes. Interest expense, net of capitalized interest, recognized on the Notes was $683 million, $420 million, and $160 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The total estimated fair value of our outstanding Notes was $27.83 billion and $18.48 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fair value is determined based on the quoted prices at the end of the reporting periods and categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.As of December 31, 2024, future principal payments for the Notes, by year, are as follows (in millions):2025 through 2026$— 20272,750 20281,500 20291,000 Thereafter23,750 Total$29,000 Note 11. Accrued Expenses and Other Current LiabilitiesThe components of accrued expenses and other current liabilities are as follows (in millions):December 31,20242023Legal-related accruals (1)$5,523 $6,592 Accrued compensation and benefits6,350 6,659 Accrued property and equipment2,582 2,213 Accrued taxes3,438 3,655 Other current liabilities6,074 6,369 Total$23,967 $25,488 _________________________(1)Includes accruals for estimated fines, settlements, or other losses in connection with legal and related matters, as well as other legal fees. For further information, see Legal and Related Matters in Note 12 — Commitments and Contingencies.109Table of ContentsNote 12. Commitments and ContingenciesContractual CommitmentsWe have $32.82 billion of non-cancelable contractual commitments as of December 31, 2024, which are primarily related to our investments in servers and network infrastructure, and content costs. The following is a schedule, by years, of non-cancelable contractual commitments as of December 31, 2024 (in millions):2025$26,335 20262,548 2027812 2028227 2029153 Thereafter2,749 Total$32,824 Additionally, as part of the normal course of business, we have entered into multi-year agreements to purchase renewable energy that do not specify a fixed or minimum volume commitment. We enter into these agreements in order to secure price. Using the expected volume consumption, the total estimated spend related to our renewable energy agreements as of December 31, 2024 was approximately $24.97 billion, a majority of which is due beyond five years. The ultimate spend under these agreements may vary and will be based on actual volume purchased.Legal and Related MattersWith respect to the cases, actions, and inquiries described below, we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we believe there is a reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss in some of these matters. Unless otherwise noted, with respect to the matters described below that do not include an estimate of the amount of loss or range of possible loss, such losses or range of possible losses either cannot be estimated or are not individually material, but we believe there is a reasonable possibility that they may be material in the aggregate.We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Additionally, we are required to comply with various legal and regulatory obligations around the world. The requirements for complying with these obligations may be uncertain and subject to interpretation and enforcement by regulatory and other authorities, and any failure to comply with such obligations could eventually lead to asserted legal or regulatory action. With respect to these other legal proceedings, claims, regulatory, tax, or government inquiries and investigations, and other matters, asserted and unasserted, we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we believe there is a reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss in some of these other matters. We believe that the amount of losses or any estimable range of possible losses with respect to these other matters will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements. The ultimate outcome of the legal and related matters described in this section, such as whether the likelihood of loss is remote, reasonably possible, or probable, or if and when the reasonably possible range of loss is estimable, is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of management's estimates of loss, our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable, could be materially adversely affected.For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 15 — Income Taxes.110Table of ContentsPrivacy and Related MattersBeginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging various causes of action in connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. With respect to the putative class actions alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection, privacy, and other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (In re Facebook, Inc., Consumer Privacy User Profile Litigation). On September 9, 2019, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated putative consumer class action. On December 22, 2022, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provides for a payment of $725 million by us. The settlement was approved by the court on October 10, 2023, and the payment was made in November 2023. Two objectors appealed final approval (one of which was voluntarily dismissed as of June 24, 2024). The objection is fully briefed and will be heard on February 7, 2025. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding the misuse of certain data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020. Among other matters, our settlement with the FTC required us to pay a penalty of $5.0 billion which was paid in April 2020 upon the effectiveness of the modified consent order. The state attorneys general inquiries and litigation and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing. On June 1, 2023, the court presiding over the lawsuit filed by the District of Columbia granted our motion for summary judgment, resolving the case in our favor. On June 29, 2023, the District of Columbia filed a notice of appeal. The appeal is fully briefed and will be heard on January 30, 2025. Trial in the New Mexico Attorney General's case is scheduled to begin on December 1, 2025. On July 16, 2021, a stockholder derivative action was filed in Delaware Court of Chancery against certain of our directors and officers asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims relating to our historical platform and user data practices, as well as our settlement with the FTC. On July 20, 2021, other stockholders filed an amended derivative complaint in a related Delaware Chancery Court action, asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against certain of our current and former directors and officers in connection with our historical platform and user data practices. On November 4, 2021, the lead plaintiffs filed a second amended and consolidated complaint in the stockholder derivative action. The pending consolidated matter is In re Facebook Inc. Derivative Litigation. On January 19, 2022, we filed a motion to dismiss, which was denied in part on May 10, 2023. The insider trading claim was dismissed as to all defendants except Mark Zuckerberg, and the motion was denied as to the breach of fiduciary duty claims. Trial is scheduled to begin on April 2, 2025. On May 3, 2023, the FTC filed a public administrative proceeding (In the Matter of Facebook, Inc.) seeking substantial changes to the modified consent order, which took effect in April 2020 after its entry by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. The changes sought by the FTC are set forth in a proposed order and include, among others, a prohibition on our use of minors' data for any commercial purposes, changes to the composition of our board of directors, and significant limitations on our ability to modify and launch new products. On May 31, 2023, we filed a motion before the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (USA v. Facebook, Inc.) seeking to enjoin the FTC from further pursuing its agency process to modify the modified consent order. On November 27, 2023, the district court denied our motion, and we then appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (U.S. v. Facebook, Inc.) and sought to stay the FTC proceeding pending resolution of the appeal. Our motion for a stay pending appeal was denied in March 2024. The underlying appeal was then briefed and oral argument was held on November 5, 2024. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit has yet to rule.On November 29, 2023, we separately filed a complaint, also in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (Meta Platforms, Inc. v. FTC), asserting constitutional challenges to the structure of the FTC, and seeking to preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the litigation. On December 13, 2023, the FTC filed an opposition to our motion for preliminary injunction and a motion to dismiss the complaint. On March 14, 2024, the district court denied our motion to preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the litigation, and also denied the FTC's motion to dismiss our complaint without prejudice, pending the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in SEC v. Jarkesy (Jarkesy). Our motion for a stay of the FTC proceeding pending appeal was denied in March 2024. Both the district court action and the appeal were stayed pending the Supreme Court's decision in Jarkesy. Following the Supreme Court's ruling in Jarkesy on June 27, 2024, the government filed a renewed motion to dismiss, which was fully briefed as of October 18, 2024. The district court has yet to rule. The parties are required to report back to the circuit court within 30 days of the district court's disposition of the FTC's motion to dismiss.111Table of ContentsOn April 1, 2024, we filed our response to the FTC's Order to Show Cause, arguing, among other things, that the Order to Show Cause proceeding was legally improper. Per FTC orders, we completed briefing on threshold legal issues on July 18, 2024, and the FTC held oral argument before the Commissioners on those issues on November 12, 2024. On January 10, 2025, the Commission issued a decision on certain threshold legal issues, including that the Commission has statutory authority to modify consent orders. The Commission stated that its decision is subject to Meta’s jurisdictional challenges currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in U.S. v. Facebook, Inc., and that the nature and scope of any further administrative proceedings would be addressed at a later date. Through the administrative process, the FTC could amend the order to impose the additional requirements set forth in the proposed order. We should have the opportunity to appeal an FTC decision modifying the order and could request the appellate court to stay the enforcement of the modifications to the order while the appeal is pending. It is unclear whether the appeal or the request for a stay would be successful.We also notify the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC), our lead European Union privacy regulator under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, issue similar notifications to European regulators under other laws (such as UK GDPR and Member State implementations of the ePrivacy Directive), and are subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other European regulators regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. For example, the IDPC is continuing to assess the compliance of our "subscription for no ads" consent model with requirements under the GDPR. In addition, on May 12, 2023, the IDPC issued a Final Decision concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on Standard Contractual Clauses in respect of certain transfers of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the GDPR. The IDPC issued an administrative fine of EUR €1.2 billion as well as corrective orders, which is described further in "Legal Proceedings" contained in Part I,

---
